01. Programming in C ++
* In this internship, a program is to be developed in order to be able to determine the position of circles in relation to one another. The circles should be able to be specified by different possibilities, on the one hand by their center and a radius, on the other hand by construction from three points. Adhere to the following procedure: Design the classes POINT for points in the Cartesian plane, LINE to represent straight lines and CIRCLE for the representation of circles. POINT has the private attributes double X and double Y, an initialization constructor, a copy constructor, the "distanceTo" method for the distance between two points and the get and set methods for the attributes. 
* LINE inherits a point on the straight line from POINT, so it needs another as an attribute to determine the straight line. Again, use the initialization constructor with the initialization list for the attributes and the inherited class. CIRCLE also inherits from POINT, this should be the center of a circle object. The radius is required as a further attribute. Use the initialization constructor and the copy constructor using the initialization list! Create the "isInCircle" method to determine whether a point transferred in the parameter list lies within the circle and the "meetsOther" method, which returns the number of intersection points for another circle transferred in the parameter list (second parameter) and, if applicable, pointer to these intersections! Note that MeetsOther can also be used to cut circles that have different radii! Use the ones presented in the exercise
* Formulas, among other things, for determining the intersection points. Note that pointers are returned to the calling program to return the intersection points, i.e. the data type POINT * * must be used in the signature for the pointers of the intersection points in accordance with the rules for Call by Reference!
